CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Pull requests

XCPretty is tested with [Cucumber](http://cukes.info) and [RSpec](http://rspec.info).
If you're planning to contribute, please do write tests.

Here's an example workflow for a contribution:

#### 0. Fork the project and create a branch

- Make separate branches for unrelated changes, like `my-awesome-feature` or `fix-terrible-bug`

#### 1. Write a failing feature

- These are a full-stack end to end tests
- You can find features in `features/`. You'll need to write a `feature` and implement it's `steps`.
- Try to reuse as many matchers as possible
- This tests are slower because they're executing `xcpretty` command for each test

Here's an example feature for adding output without UTF8:

``` gherkin
Scenario: Running tests without UTF-8 support
    Given I have a passing test in my suite
    And I pipe to xcpretty with "--no-utf"
    Then I should see a non-utf prefixed output
```

And the steps:

- `Given I have a passing test in my suite`

``` ruby
Given(/^I have a passing test in my suite$/) do
  add_run_input SAMPLE_OCUNIT_TEST
end
```

- `And I pipe to xcpretty with "--no-utf"`

``` ruby
When(/^I pipe to xcpretty with "(.*?)"$/) do |flags|
  run_xcpretty(flags)
end
```

- `Then I should see a non-utf prefixed output`

``` ruby
Then(/^I should see a non-utf prefixed output$/) do
  run_output.should start_with(".")
end
```


#### 2. Write a failing BDD test

- These are unit tests, and they're very fast (below 200ms for the entire suite)
- You should be running them continuously with `kicker`, or your awesome Vim binding


#### 3. Implement your awesome contribution

- This should fix unit tests one-by-one, and finally your `feature` will be passing

Commit message:

update contributing with spec example

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Pull requests

XCPretty is tested with [Cucumber](http://cukes.info) and [RSpec](http://rspec.info).
If you're planning to contribute, please do write tests.

Here's an example workflow for a contribution:

#### 0. Fork the project and create a branch

- Make separate branches for unrelated changes, like `my-awesome-feature` or `fix-terrible-bug`

#### 1. Write a failing feature

- These are a full-stack end to end tests
- You can find features in `features/`. You'll need to write a `feature` and implement it's `steps`.
- Try to reuse as many matchers as possible
- This tests are slower because they're executing `xcpretty` command for each test

Here's an example feature for adding output without UTF8:

``` gherkin
Scenario: Running tests without UTF-8 support
    Given I have a passing test in my suite
    And I pipe to xcpretty with "--no-utf"
    Then I should see a non-utf prefixed output
```

And the steps:

- `Given I have a passing test in my suite`

``` ruby
Given(/^I have a passing test in my suite$/) do
  add_run_input SAMPLE_OCUNIT_TEST
end
```

- `And I pipe to xcpretty with "--no-utf"`

``` ruby
When(/^I pipe to xcpretty with "(.*?)"$/) do |flags|
  run_xcpretty(flags)
end
```

- `Then I should see a non-utf prefixed output`

``` ruby
Then(/^I should see a non-utf prefixed output$/) do
  run_output.should start_with(".")
end
```


#### 2. Write a failing BDD test

- These are unit tests
- They're fast to run (under 100ms for all of them)
- They'll tell us exactly which piece of code failed and why
- You can find them in `specs/`

Here's an example unit test for testing a parser capability:

``` ruby
it 'exits only if the line is empty' do
  @parser.parse(SAMPLE_COMPILE.lines[1])
  @parser.parse("yolo\n")
  @formatter.flush.should == [:format_unknown, "yolo"]
end
```


#### 3. Implement your awesome contribution

- This should fix unit tests one-by-one, and finally your `feature` will be passing
